For the United States military, I think many of the jobs that we do, do
have some kind of STEM-ness associated with it. That's Science, Technology,
Engineering and Math. So, he could be a cook. Chances are,
there would be some kind of training that you do, based on, like, the
grill. The fact that you're supposed to push these buttons and turn
these knobs and, you know, you have to do maintenance on it, so you
have to open it up and clean it or something that. That could happen.
Additionally, when we do General Quarters, that's when, like the
whole entire ship pretends that they're at war and, you know, they
have to, like, do certain things to make sure that order is kept, that
fires are put out, that, you know, like, if there's a hole in the
wall that's patched up if it's flooding and you have to take it out.
So, all of these things, they need some kind of understanding about
the technology that's behind it. So, for instance, you have a fire
fighting bottle and this is any job in the military, it could be a
Boatswain's Mate, it could be a Quarter Master, it could be an Electrician's
Mate, we all have to understand that this bottle has to put
out this fire. The fire, you have to understand, is it class Charlie
fire, class Alpha fire? You have to understand that the bottle is
metal and it has to be on the ground and when you blow it, when you
squeeze the trigger, that it has to be on the ground so you don't get
shocked because of the speed at which the coolant leaves the nozzle.
So, it's kind of technical in that way and you have to understand
why. So, there are many things that are on the ship that can be considered
STEM as well and you're going to be dealing with it no matter
what you are. Some of us, like, we do it for our job no matter what.
So, Electrician's Mate, you know, my normal job is check voltage
and current, there's Fire Controlman, they're the ones who, like, use,
they have to understand about the weapons and weapons systems. There's
Electronics Technician who has to remove and replace the resistors
that are in the circuit boards. There's mechanics who deal with
the big pumps all around the ship, the gears, the switches, the panels,
the turbine generators, you know. They're the ones who actualy,
like, open it up and you know, like, maybe operate the system or clean
the system. There are many STEM fields and even if you're not specifically,
like, a STEM rate, you're going to be dealing with STEM
equipment.